Mendocino County GMO Ban. Mendocino County, California, was the first jurisdiction in the United States to ban the cultivation, production or distribution of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The ordinance, entitled Measure H, was passed by referendum on March 2, 2004. Initiated by the group "GMO Free Mendocino", the campaign was a highly publicized grassroots effort by local farmers and environmental groups who contend that the potential risks of GMOs to human health and the ecosystem have not yet been fully understood. The measure was met with opposition by several interest groups representing the biotechnology industry, The California Plant Health Association (now the Western Plant Health Association) and CropLife America, a Washington-based consortium whose clients represent some of the largest food distributors in the nation, including Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chemical. Since the enactment of the ordinance, Mendocino County has been added to an international list of "GMO free zones." Pre-emptive statutes banning local municipalities from such ordinances have now become widespread with adoption in sixteen states.

United States Senate election in Illinois, 1978. The 1978 United States Senate election in Illinois took place on November 7, 1978. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Charles H. Percy ran for re-election to a third term in the United States Senate. Percy was opposed by Democratic nominee Alex Seith, an attorney who had been appointed to several local government positions. Though Percy had been expected to coast to re-election over Seith, a first-time candidate, the election quickly became competitive. In the last few days of the campaign, a desperate Percy ran a television advertisement that featured him apologizing and acknowledging that, "I got your message and you're right." Percy's last-ditch effort appeared to have paid off, as he was able to edge out Seith to win what would end up being his third and final term in the Senate.

William H. Cook Water Tank House. The William H. Cook Water Tank House is a water tank house located southeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States. The building was constructed circa 1915 and was used to store water for William H. Cook's farm. The rectangular building was constructed with lava rock and contains a metal tank. Although the stone craftsmanship in the building is similar to the work of local stonemason H. T. Pugh, the builder of the house has not been determined.

Amherst, Massachusetts. Amherst ( ) is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, in the Connecticut River valley. As of the 2010 census, the population was 37,819, making it the largest municipality in Hampshire County (although the county seat is Northampton). The town is home to Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, three of the Five Colleges. The name of the town is pronounced without the "h" ("AM-erst"), giving rise to the local saying, "only the 'h' is silent", in reference both to the pronunciation and to the town's politically active populace.

Local H. Local H is an American rock band originally formed by guitarist and vocalist Scott Lucas, bassist Matt Garcia, drummer Joe Daniels, and lead guitarist John Sparkman in Zion, Illinois in 1987. The members all met in high school in 1987 and founded Local H three years later.

Wilford H. Fawcett House. The Wilford H. Fawcett House is a house in Breezy Point, Minnesota, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Wilford H. Fawcett, also known as "Captain Billy", started the book "Captain Billy's Whiz Bang" as a joke book for soldiers during World War I. He formed Fawcett Publications in 1919 in Robbinsdale, Minnesota. In 1920, he bought a tract of land where the present-day Breezy Point Resort is located, and he began building cottages and a large log lodge. The lodge has since burnt down. He built the Fawcett House as a private residence within the resort property. Fawcett hired the Minneapolis architects of Magney and Tusler and commissioned the design in the Swiss Chateau style. The rustic log style was a bit ironic, since the local logging industry had declined before the resort was built.

For Against. For Against is a United States post-punk/dream pop band from Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite numerous lineup shuffles and some periods of dormancy, the band has produced material steadily from its 1984 inception to the present.

Ophur. Ophur was a rock band from the Chicago suburbs in DuPage County. The band performed in the midwestern United States over the course of seven years with national acts including The Plain White T's, Sum 41, Violent Femmes, Local H, Lucky Boys Confusion, Veruca Salt, Two Skinee J's, Duvall, Sleeping at Last, and others. Their music has been described as an eclectic amalgamation of U2, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Pink Floyd.

Suffrajett. Suffrajett is a United States rock band from New York City, currently based in Chicago, Illinois, composed of singer/violinist Simi Sernaker, guitarist Jason Chasko, bassist Kevin Roberts, and drummer Danny Severson. Suffrajett has toured with Local H, The Last Vegas, and Bob Schneider, and have opened for the reunited MC5. Suffrajett released their self-titled debut album on February 2, 2003, and their latest album "Black Glitter" was released on January 1, 2007. They recently toured with Juliette and the Licks and Scissors for Lefty.

Hallelujah! I'm a Bum (album). Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is the seventh studio album by Chicago-based rock band Local H. Interviews with the band have revealed that it is a concept album based on politics in the United States. Although the album was completed in spring of 2012, the band chose to release it in September as to be closer to the 2012 presidential election. The album makes frequent use of the sounds of the El Train in Chicago to transition songs.